It's been weeks since I've seen Eden, and my heart has been broken over it continuously. It's *extremely* tiring to spend time with family, be in what feels like an active grieving state, and then feel like I MUST make certain family members feel good about things, and if I don't... I'll be judged and shamed. 

I'm hearbroken for myself and Eden, because it's hard to spend time with Eden and not feel like I'm continuously deploying defenses from Kristi's passive aggressive cruelty/profound emotional unskillfulness. 

Sometimes when kristi asks for a photo of eden, `just to see how she's doing. :)`  I fear that if I don't respond with something quickly enough or nice-looking enough, she'll call the police on me, or at least add to her 'log every misbehavior of the co-parent so you can get them in court' app something about 'the father failed to adequately dress the child when doing out in the cold weather'. (She has gotten repeatedly visibly upset when I don't instantly heed to her mandates about how to dress Eden, without asking how long I'm going outside, or... something. It could be a conversation, but over and over the energy is 'i know what eden needs, I am informing you, and you may/must comply, regardless of how you feel about my implied assessment of your competence as an adult or a father or a responsible person')

For our entire marriage I have found the outside world to be 'warm' while kristi finds it 'cold', and it was never a problem until she'd start getting mad at me if I went outside with Eden and Eden didn't have a hat on, *and kristi would accuse me of terrible things without even inquiring if I had given thought to the issue, and would restrain me from defending myself against her charges!*

Kristi is so harmful to me, and has been so profoundly harmful to me for such a long time, and she's created a tool of coercive control that looks like 'at any moment I can threaten josh with my own emotional disregulation that i would then solve by making credible threats of harm against him.'

I have left the house, with Eden, and regularly wondered "I wonder if Kristi might call the police on me before I get back to the house?" 

It's truly difficult to explain how evil and monstrous Kristi seems to find me. I believe she doesn't accept that she feels this way towards me, so suppresses it from her conscious awareness, and has convinced herself that she treats me in an ethical way, and has hardly ever NOT been kind to me.